Update Object Storage Documentation (#340)
ByteInternet/hypernode-docs-next: docs/ecommerce-applications/magento-2/how-to-configure-remote-storage-for-magento-2-x.md

Configuring Magento 2 to start storing files in your bucket is done using a single command.

**Hypernode Object Storage**
```bash
something something?

> ```

Author: how does the command look for if using openstack's object storage?

Reviewer: Which command?
`hypernode-object-storage --help`?

Author: no no, this is the magento2 command to make it use object storage

    --remote-storage-endpoint="https://my-s3-compatible.endpoint.com"
```

## Syncing the files (efficiently)

Magento provides an official method for syncing files using the following command (not recommended):

```bash
bin/magento remote-storage:sync
```

> However, for significantly improved performance, you can use the following alternative:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, for better performance, you can use the following alternative:

```

Reviewer: Aren't we aiming for a more neutral tone since this a docs page and not a marketting post

Author: sure!
